Cooking Mama DS Demo Video
Published on March 22, 2006.
Over at Kotaku, there’s a live demo of the Nintendo DS game, Cooking Mama .
I think this game is geared towards girls; It’s a cooking simulator.
In the demo, we see the various stages of cooking a hamburger steak.
The onions get sliced and diced, the pan is buttered, the onions are fried, the hamburger is kneaded, and finally the hamburger gets fried in the pan.
There’s also a final step with the Hamburger being decorated with side veggies (and a Japanese toothpick flag!).
I dunno about this game.
I mean, we already have a freakin’ surgery game !
How can cooking be more compelling than that?
I could be wrong, of course.
We’ll just have to see if this wacky game makes it to the US.
Either that, or you could import it …